Let's discuss the results of the exercise cash down 50 percent which is absolutely terrifying absolutely
terrifying.
What you have material declined like this in cash it could signal that the company could go belly up
.
Of course you need one more year of data to analyze it as one data point does make a trend.
OK cancer Siebel is up 74 percent that's concerning as well because we're extending favorable terms
to our customers.
Right.
And so it's a cash crunch for us because they're not paying us the cash yet.
Okay inventory.
Oh my goodness.
Wow.
Inventory was up over 4300 percent.
This could bankrupt the company.
There's a great example of this with Atari which was a videogame maker back in the early 1980s.
They made this game called E.T. based on the movie E.T. and it was such a horrific failure that they
actually buried hundreds and hundreds of thousands if not millions of copies in the desert.
Right.
So a lot of times we have a spike in inventory because something went wrong.
No one's buying that product.
That's terrifying OK I'll keep going here long term assets.
I'm not that where there's really no change that's fine.
The building went down $5000 because of the pressure which we covered in an earlier section.
Let's talk about current liabilities.
I'm really going to focus here on debt so debt was up by over $30000 a short term debt.
Right.
That's that's a concern.
Let's see what else we have here.
Oh goodness.
Long term debt was up 300 grand.
So that's frightening.
So maybe we took this debt and we're finding it seen a material increase in inventory with partially
that debt.
Frightening.
OK.
Let's go to retained earnings.
All right so we can tell our net income from the income statement was one hundred fifty seven thousand
dollars.
Eight hundred seventy five for county or 2016.
And we had a small increase here in common share So what really worries me about this is the material
spike in inventory.
It's absolutely terrifying.
Even Tory spikes like this can of course destroy a company last thing I'll say is this looks like our
balance sheet bounce which is a good thing right.
At least we got the math right here which is which is great.
Ok cool.
While we are done with the balance sheet section now and let's move on to the cash flow section which
is much easier than you think.
And once we understand how all three financial statements talk to each other or how they're all related
or linked to each other then creating financial models from scratch is very easy.